Skip to contentSkip to site index SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

Skip to contentSkip to site indexSearch & Section Navigation Section NavigationSEARCH

U.S. International Canada Español 中文

  Today’s Paper

New York Times Homepage Section Navigation World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Opinion Science Health Sports Arts Books Style Food Travel Magazine Real Estate Cooking The Athletic Wirecutter Games

World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Opinion Science Health Sports Arts Books Style Food Travel Magazine Real Estate Cooking The Athletic Wirecutter Games

Blasting Bullhorns and Water Cannons, Chinese Ships Wall Off the South China Sea Traveling by boat, Times journalists saw firsthand how the world’s most brazen maritime militarization has transformed a major trade route. 9 min read

Video by Jes Aznar and Shawn Paik

Analysis The Chinese coast guard has upended 200 years of global tradition. It has also set off an arms race.

7 min read

A Day Care Death and the Dilemma Over How to Crack Down on Drugs Fentanyl use is increasingly out in the open, and increasingly fatal. But New Yorkers are divided over what to do: decriminalize it, or make more arrests? 8 min read

Hilary Swift for The New York Times

2024 Presidential Election

Who Is Running? Second G.O.P. Debate Candidates on the Issues Executive Power Survey

Inside the Unfounded Claim That DeSantis Abused Guantánamo Detainees A former prisoner’s story of mistreatment at the hands of Florida’s governor, Ron DeSantis, made headlines. But The Times found no evidence to back it up. 8 min read

Republicans may seize control of North Carolina’s state and local election boards. 4 min read

Dana Perino of Fox News will moderate the next Republican debate and faces her biggest test as a journalist. 5 min read

New York Times photographs by Christian Monterrosa, Doug Mills, David Degner and Sophie Park Self-branding is all the rage for presidential candidates. Vanessa Friedman explains why. 6 min read

A NASA Spacecraft Comes Home With an Asteroid Gift for Earth The seven-year OSIRIS-REX mission ended with the return of rocks that might hold clues about the origins of our solar system and life. 8 min read

NASA

The Great Read

Battling a Cartel in a Horrifying Quest to Find Her Daughter Karen Rodriguez was kidnapped by Mexico’s Zeta cartel. Her mother would stop at nothing to find out exactly what happened to her. 21 min read

Daniel Berehulak for The New York Times

Cash, Mules and Paid Protests: How a Fraudster Seized an Ethnic Enclave The war in Ukraine is intensifying frictions in Moldova’s Gagauzia region. A Moldovan convicted of plundering his country’s banking system sees an opportunity. 6 min read

Ukraine has stepped up its use of a new shipping route, despite Russian threats. 4 min read

Andreea Campeanu for The New York Times

Gold’s Deadly Truth: Much Is Mined With Mercury Ten years after an international treaty to ban mercury, the toxic metal continues to poison. The reason might have to do with your wedding ring. 6 min read

Ian Cheibub for The New York Times

Why So Many Venezuelans Are Going to the United States Unable to build safe or stable lives in other parts of South America, many people are making the perilous journey north. 6 min read

Alejandro Cegarra for The New York Times

Incarcerated for Life, an Inmate Is Left Behind by Prison Reforms A disabled Black man who has served 39 years could not benefit from “compassionate release.” His former lawyer voted against the new law in Congress. 7 min read

Usher to Headline Super Bowl Halftime Show “It’s an honor of a lifetime to finally check a Super Bowl performance off my bucket list,” the eight-time Grammy winner said. 2 min read

Pro football has seen an influx of women in the past decade. They have formed their own support systems. 7 min read

The Jets are trying to snap a 14-game losing streak to the Patriots. Follow live. From The Athletic

Charles Sykes/Invision, via Associated Press

THE WEEKENDER A Vanishing Tribe With a Songlike Language of Its Own

Also in this edition: The daughter of the B.T.K. killer, and the unlikely way rap is written now. 2 min read Did you follow the news this week? Take our quiz.Play Flashback and test your history knowledge.

Joshua Irwandi for The New York Times, Michael Noble Jr. for The New York Times, Noah Throop/The New York Times

Watch to Watch and Read This Weekend

Mark Abramson for The New York Times Netflix Prepares to Send Its Final Red Envelope The company’s DVD subscription service is ending this month, bringing to a close an origin story that ultimately upended the entertainment industry. 5 min read

With “Young Love,” the former N.F.L. player Matthew Cherry weaves a warm Chicago tale. 5 min read

Celebrity apology videos, seemingly off the cuff, are likely curated to elicit empathy. 3 min read

Opinion

Thomas L. Friedman What Really Happened at the Biden-Netanyahu Meeting

3 min read

David French Being There

5 min read

Julia Angwin The Internet Is About to Get Much Worse

5 min read

Tyler Austin Harper The Moral Theater of Social Justice Parenting

5 min read

Tim Kreider The Unspeakably Sad Reminder of the ‘Other Paris’

6 min read

Raquel Vasquez Gilliland Go Outside, Sink Your Feet Into the Dirt and Engage With the World

4 min read

Carl Safina and Joel Reynolds This Alaska Mine Would Destroy the World’s Largest Salmon Fishery

4 min read

Jim Mangan and Judith Freeman The Young Men of the Crick

2 min read

Letters From Our Readers Forests: Friend, Not Foe, in Climate Change

4 min read

Jamelle Bouie Things Republicans Say (and Don’t Say) About the Auto Workers’ Strike

7 min read

Ross Douthat The Permanent Migration Crisis

4 min read

Lewis Hyde What Thoreau Heard in the Song of the Crickets

5 min read

The Editorial Board The U.S. Is Pulling Back From China. How Far Is Too Far?

7 min read

Sammy Miller We’re Teaching Music to Kids All Wrong

5 min read

Jessica Grose The Joys of Spite Exercising

4 min read

Paul Krugman Making Manufacturing Good Again

4 min read

In Case You Missed ItTop picks from The Times, recommended for you

Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

More News

White House Steps Up Warnings of Shutdown Impact as Deadline Nears Officials made public calls for Republicans, who remain at an impasse over funding the government, to resolve their differences before next Sunday. 4 min read

Refugees Flee to Armenia as Breakaway Enclave Comes Under Azerbaijan’s Control Nearly 400 people crossed the border from Nagorno-Karabakh, days after a military offensive returned the ethnic Armenian enclave to Azerbaijan’s control. 4 min read

Newsom Vetoes Bill on Parental Support of Child’s Gender Identity in Custody Cases Gov. Gavin Newsom of California vetoed a bill that would have instructed judges in custody battles to weigh a parent’s support for a child’s gender identity. 3 min read

Elisabetta Zavoli for The New York Times Clams Ruled This Italian Town Until the Crabs Moved In Goro, on the Adriatic Sea, is famous for its clams — essential for the beloved spaghetti alle vongole. But an infestation is threatening its cash crop. 5 min read

Well

Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

Culture and Lifestyle

Rosser/Lebeau

They Climbed a Frigid Mountain to Meet Each Other Sasha DiGiulian, a world champion climber, and Erik Osterholm, an award-winning producer, met while documenting her ascent of Mount Washington. 6 min read

How an Animal Rescuer Spends Her Sundays Anne Levin cares for dozens of adoptable cats, and once raised a baby subway rat. 3 min read

This Week’s Metropolitan Diary A Central Park proposal is among more reader tales of New York City. 4 min read

Want to Attend an Indian Wedding? You Can Buy a Ticket. Some say it’s cultural exchange, while others call it cultural fetishism. 7 min read

Maria Bamford’s 10 Favorite Things The comedian talked about Debtors Anonymous, little free libraries and a pool gag. 3 min read

The AthleticUnlimited for All Access and The Athletic subscribers.

Colorado Has Not Arrived. Oregon Reminded Us That. To say the Ducks’ 42-6 victory felt personal would be an understatement, our columnist writes.

A Colossal Mistake Will Haunt Notre Dame’s Football Coach The patience of letting Marcus Freeman grow into this job may be at its end, our columnist writes.

Brian Murphy/Icon Sportswire, via Getty Images

Megan Rapinoe’s Chapter With the U.S. Team Is Ending. The Stories Live On. We asked teammates, coaches and staff for their best Rapinoe stories ahead of her final U.S. game on Sunday.

The Five Most Important N.F.L. Storylines of Week 3Florida State Makes the Case to Be College Football’s No. 1 TeamThe Women’s Marathon World Record Is Shattered in Berlin

New York Times CookingRecipes, advice and inspiration for any occasion.

Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

Recommendations From WirecutterIndependent reviews for thousands of products.

New York Times GamesDaily word and visual games, plus more.

Wordle Guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances.

Wordle Review Our columnist reviews the day’s puzzle. Warning: Contains spoilers!

Connections Group words that share a common thread.

Spelling Bee Subscribers can now play puzzles from previous days.

The Crossword Get clued in with wordplay, every day.

Getting to Genius, Part 2: Becoming Queen Bee How to use the game’s tools and the “Hivemind” to your advantage. 5 min read

Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT

Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2023 The New York Times Company

NYTCo Contact Us Accessibility Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Canada International Help Subscriptions